Updates docs for DateFieldPlugin (#860)
tinacms/tinacms.org: content/docs/plugins/fields/date.md

prev: /docs/plugins/fields/blocks
next: /docs/plugins/fields/markdown
consumes:
  - file: /packages/@tinacms/fields/src/plugins/DateFieldPlugin.tsx
    details: Documents how to use the date field plugin
  - file: /packages/@tinacms/fields/src/plugins/dateFormat.ts
    details: References date formatting specifics
---

The `date` field represents a date and time picker. It can be used for data values that are valid date strings.

> > **Prior to v0.40.1, `DateFieldPlugin` was not a default plugin.** See the [react-tinacms-date](/packages/react-tinacms-date) docs for instructions on how to use the `date` field for previous versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Prior to v0.41.0, `DateFieldPlugin` was not a default plugin.** See the [react-tinacms-date](/packages/react-tinacms-date) docs for instructions on how to use the `date` field for previous versions.
```
current RC is 0.41.0
